(beeping)
So this week I was
taking a look an announcement from the
Spring-Cloud dataflow guys.
They're doing some pretty curious stuff there.
So I'm checking that out, and I'm looking at their
GitHub repository, I notice this codecov percentage.
So I was like, that's a interesting little badge.
I did a little digging.
It actually brought up the source of the README document
and found the URL, and it is from these guys here:
code coverage done right, or codecov.
Took a look at it, and it is actually free for developers.
So this is something that you can use to get your
code covered, and it's easy to set up.
It's free, you can get started going along.
They do have some restrictions on it,
so if you have private repositories
you can only do one private, but the rest,
if you have public repositories,
you can do unlimited public repositories.
I'm going to start using this in the course going forward,
and it's pretty easy to set up,
so let's take a quick look at that right now.
If I come over to IntelliJ,
the main thing that we need to do is
set up this build plug-in for cobertura.
I think that's how you say it right, cobertura.
This is a code coverage plug-in
that is going to generate coverage, your test coverage,
of your unit test, so this is a fairly
automated thing that we can set up, very easy to use,
and it hooks right into Maven.
Now the next thing that we need to set up
is to come in here to our CircleCI configuration,
and right now we're running an integration test phase,
and we also want to run the cobertura goal
to kick off those tests.
So that's basically what's going to initialize
the test coverage, the reports of that,
and then finally here on line 46,
this a hook to send it into codecov.
So, a simple bash, and it calls a curl command
to hit this URL, and basically it's going to ping back
and find that directory.
So, this is kinda like a poor man's webhooks,
and when the build runs, it gives us a command,
it pings out to codecov, and codecov is going to come back
and look for our test results, our test coverage
that is generated by this command here.
So let's jump on over to codecov.
And you can login.
It's like crazy easy.
I'm going to log right in with my GitHub account.
It just takes a second.
And let's take a look at this.
So I got a couple projects going in there
getting a little bit ahead to the mockup project.
But now we can see, we get our test coverage,
there's a number of different things
that you can look at.
What's most interesting is to come in here
and then we can see my packages are coverage
so a little bit low here,
so obviously our application isn't going to get coverage
but in here we can see more specifics as we drill in.
And this is actually a fairly nice view
so obviously everything green is covered
and now so you get some funny things like this
so we're not, don't have any coverage on
a logging of an error but we would
want to to be adding in some error handling
and then add in test for that.
So like here's something that we have
completely no coverage on.
So this is a really handy tool
to see where your coverage is and where it is not
so it is a very good tool to be using
and keeping an eye on your code coverage metrics.
I do like to say right now we are pretty good
on a project standpoint.
I like to see somewhere in the 70 to 90ish percent
so when you do get up to 100
sometimes that just becomes a little too much
to try to achieve 100% and then you're just
writing really non value added tests
so you want to be sure that you're spending
your time properly and creating your test coverage,
but some people can take it overboard
and try to strive for that 100%.
Sometimes it doesn't make always sense
to get all the way to 100%,
you can actually be doing non value added activity.
But this is a really great tool,
I encourage you to set it up with your own projects
and then one last thing I want
to show you there is that badge.
So if I come in here and then go to Settings,
now I can come to badge and copy the markdown
and jump back over to IntelliJ
and the ReadMe, and this line 5
that is the code cov badge,
just a simple code coverage badge
and it will give you that right there
and you can display that on the homepage
of your GitHub repository.